December 15, 2021
Canoo Increases Production Guidance and
Targets for US Facilities
2022 - 2023 Production Guidance
2024 - 2025 Production Targets
JUSTIN, Texas, Dec. 15, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Canoo Inc. (Nasdaq: GOEV) today
announced it will accelerate and now shift production of its breakthrough electric vehicles
from Europe to the United States. The Company will begin manufacturing at its advanced
industrialization facility planned for Northwest Arkansas and remains on target to bring online
its Mega Micro factory in Pryor, Oklahoma in late 2023.
"Canoo is now in a position to issue guidance at a time when many others in the industry are
reducing targets and projections. The Company has now refined its manufacturing strategy
and assembled a team to execute the production roadmap for 2022 – 2025" said Tony
Aquila, Investor, Chairman & CEO at Canoo Inc.
2022 guidance: 3,000-6,000 from 500-1,000 Units
2023 guidance: 14,000 – 17,000 from 15,000 Units
2024 target: 40,000 – 50,000 Units
2025 target: 70,000 – 80,000 Units
"In addition, we will be 100% built in the heartland of America, and we have proudly
achieved another major milestone of having sourced 96% percent of our parts from U.S. and
Allied Nations."
The Company ceased contract manufacturing discussions with VDL Nedcar with the
completion of our manufacturing strategy which accelerates our ability to access our
incentives from Oklahoma and Arkansas. The outcome of this will be:
Reduced supply chain vulnerabilities,
Increased speed to market for our customers,
Allowing us to control more securely the creation of additional innovation and IP,
Increase advanced manufacturing jobs in the communities that support us, and
Save thousands of dollars per unit by eliminating warranty risks, tariffs and overseas
shipping costs
"The initiatives announced today are another step in executing our strategy of reducing risk
and increasing certainty. We look forward to additional announcements." said Tony Aquila,
Investor, Chairman and CEO.
About Canoo
Canoo's mission is to bring EVs to Everyone. The company has developed breakthrough
electric vehicles that are reinventing the automotive landscape with bold innovations in
design, pioneering technologies, and a unique business model that spans the full lifecycle of
the vehicle. Distinguished by its experienced team from leading technology and automotive
companies – Canoo has designed a modular electric platform purpose-built to deliver
maximum vehicle interior space that is customizable across all owners in the vehicle lifecycle
to support a wide range of vehicle applications for consumers and businesses, Canoo has
offices in California, Michigan, and Texas.
For more information, please visit www.canoo.com. For Canoo press materials, including
photos, please visit press.canoo.com. For investors, please visit investors.canoo.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
The information in this press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such
as "estimate," "plan," "project," "forecast," "intend," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "believe,"
"seek," "target" or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or
that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of financial and
performance metrics, projections of market opportunity and market share, expectations and
timing related to commercial product launches and achievement of other operational
milestones, including the ability to meet and/or accelerate anticipated production timelines,
Canoo's ability to capitalize on commercial opportunities, anticipated customer orders, and
expectations regarding development of facilities and the negotiation, availability or receipt of
state incentives. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or
not identified in this press release, and on the current expectations of Canoo's management
and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are
provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be
relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are
beyond the control of Canoo. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including changes in domestic and foreign business, market,
financial, political and legal conditions; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the
business combination with Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. IV; the rollout of Canoo's
business and the timing of expected business milestones and commercial launch; future
market adoption of Canoo's offerings; risks related to Canoo's go-to-market strategy and
manufacturing strategy; the effects of competition on Canoo's future business; the ability to
issue equity or equity-linked securities, and those factors discussed under the captions "Risk
Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" in Canoo's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 31,
2021, as well as its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC, copies
of which may be obtained by visiting Canoo's Investors Relations website at
investors.canoo.com or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. If any of these risks materialize
or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results
implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Canoo does
not presently know or that Canoo currently believes are immaterial that could also cause
actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition,
forward-looking statements reflect Canoo's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events
and views as of the date of this press release. Canoo anticipates that subsequent events
and developments will cause Canoo's assessments to change. However, while Canoo may
elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Canoo
specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not
be relied upon as representing Canoo's assessments as of any date subsequent to the date
of this press release. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-
looking statements.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-
releases/canoo-increases-production-guidance-and-targets-for-us-facilities-301445873.html
SOURCE Canoo