Back to Canoo.com























                	Investor Relations
                




Investor Relations




Investors




Overview






News & Presentations






Presentations






IR Calendar






Press Releases






Email Alerts










Company Info






Management Team






Contacts






FAQ










Financial Info






Financial Results






Income Statement






Balance Sheet






Cash Flow










Stock Data






Quote






Charts






Historical Data










SEC Filings






All SEC Filings






Annual Reports






Quarterly Reports






Section 16 Filings










Governance






Board of Directors






Board Committees






Governance Documents






Whistleblower Policy






Contact the Board








 






















Investor Relations 
























Company Overview


Canoo has developed breakthrough electric vehicles that are reinventing the automotive landscape with bold innovations in design, pioneering technologies, and a unique business model that defies traditional ownership to put customers first. Distinguished by its experienced team from leading technology and automotive companies, Canoo has designed a modular electric platform purpose-built to deliver maximum vehicle interior space that is customizable across all owners in the vehicle lifecycle to support a wide range of vehicle applications for consumers and businesses.
 

        				View Management Team    				




















Latest News






View All News








Feb 7, 2024 • 6:00am EST


Canoo Appoints Former NASA Chief Technology Officer Deborah Diaz and Veteran EV Transportation Leader James Chen to Board of Directors


Read Press Release










Jan 31, 2024 • 6:00am EST


Canoo Successfully Expands Zeeba’s Fleet with Electric Vehicles




View Press Release








Jan 24, 2024 • 6:00am EST


Canoo Reaches Agreement with U.S. Postal Service for Purchase of Electric Vehicles




View Press Release








Jan 17, 2024 • 7:00am EST


Canoo Delivered Electric Vehicles to Kingbee




View Press Release














Latest Financial Results


Q3 2023


Quarter Ended Sep 30, 2023










Earnings Release






 PDF
            




 HTML
                








10-Q 
Filing




 PDF


 HTML








XBRL




 ZIP


 XLS


 HTML




 




 


















Email Alerts


Sign up to stay informed and receive updates directly to your inbox.






Sign up today




























Board of Directors


Canoo’s board members are industry leaders not only in the automotive industry, but also as technologists, designers, engineers and manufacturers.
 

                				View Board of Directors            				






















Investor Contact Information






Headquarters



                            Canoo Inc.

                            19951 Mariner Avenue
                                                                            		Torrance, CA                            90503                                                	                                            	    






Investor Relations



                                                Kunal Bhalla
                        Senior Vice President, Capital Markets, Corporate Development and Purchasing
 
IR@canoo.com
 






Transfer Agent



                        Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 
                                                                        1 State Street
                        30th Floor
                        New York, NY 10004
                                                T: 212-509-4000 
 
cstmail@continentalstock.com
 
continentalstock.com
 






























Email Alerts


Tear Sheet


Contacts


RSS News Feed








About


Careers


Press


Investors


Privacy & Legal


FAQ

















































                    Market Data copyright © 2024 
QuoteMedia
. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view 
delay times
 for all exchanges). 
RT
=Real-Time, 
EOD
=End of Day, 
PD
=Previous Day. Market Data powered by 
QuoteMedia
. 
Terms of Use
.
                    






















Your Privacy Choices
Your privacy is important to us. This site uses several types of cookies. Necessary cookies are always active and are used to ensure the website functions properly. You control the use of other cookies such as performance, functional, targeting, and social media cookies which personalize your experience, show ads based on your interests, measure analytics, and provide social media features. Visit www.Canoo.com/privacy for more information regarding our use of cookies, our privacy practices, and your privacy rights.
Cookie Policy
Manage Preferences
 
Reject All
 
Accept All
COOKIE & PRIVACY SETTINGS
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
            
More information
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie Details‎
Performance Cookies
 
 
Performance Cookies
 
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie Details‎
Targeting Cookies
 
 
Targeting Cookies
 
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
 
Filter Button
Consent
 
Leg.Interest
 
checkbox label
 
label
 
checkbox label
 
label
 
checkbox label
 
label
Clear
 
checkbox label
 
label
Apply
 
Cancel
CONFIRM MY CHOICE
REJECT ALL
 
ACCEPT ALL